#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
breathe==4.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   breathe
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
myst-parser==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.2
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
requests==2.31.0
    # via sphinx
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   breathe
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-design==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata
